[Cosmos] update changelogs to reflect missed changes and new issue introduced (#32678)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

### 4.34.0 (2022-08-05)
#### Features Added
* GA of `DedicatedGatewayRequestOptions` API. See [PR 30142](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/30142)

#### Other Changes
* Added `requestSessionToken` to `CosmosDiagnostics` - See [PR 29516](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/29516)
* Reverted changes of [PR 29944](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/29944) to avoid possible regression when customers use id with special characters and their account is on ComputeGateway already. - See [PR 30283](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/30283)

> * Added changes for `changeFeed` APIs for handling all versions and deletes changes. See [PR 30161](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/30161)

Reviewer: Should be new feature?

Reviewer: never mind - azure-cosmos

### 4.34.0 (2022-08-05)
#### Features Added
* GA of `DedicatedGatewayRequestOptions` API. See [PR 30142](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/30142)

> * Added changes for `ChangeFeedPullModel` for handling all versions and deletes changes. See [PR 30161](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/30161)

Reviewer 2: We should put this in other changes section, with a little diff wording. 
```suggestion
* Added changes for `changeFeed` APIs for handling all versions and deletes changes. See [PR 30161](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/30161)
```
